Add OTLP ingest feature (#597)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration.v2alpha1.md

| features.orchestratorExplorer.enabled | Enabled enables the Orchestrator Explorer. Default: true |
| features.orchestratorExplorer.extraTags | Additional tags to associate with the collected data in the form of `a b c`. This is a Cluster Agent option distinct from DD_TAGS that is used in the Orchestrator Explorer. |
| features.orchestratorExplorer.scrubContainers | ScrubContainers enables scrubbing of sensitive container data (passwords, tokens, etc. ). Default: true |
| features.otlp.receiver.protocols.grpc.enabled | Enable the OTLP/gRPC endpoint. |

> | features.otlp.receiver.protocols.grpc.endpoint | Endpoint for OTLP/gRPC. gRPC supports several naming schemes: https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/naming.md The Datadog Operator only supports 'host:port' (usually '0.0.0.0:port'). The default value is '0.0.0.0:4317'. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| features.otlp.receiver.protocols.grpc.endpoint | Endpoint for OTLP/gRPC. gRPC supports several naming schemes: https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/naming.md The Datadog Operator supports only `host:port` (usually `0.0.0.0:port`). Default: `0.0.0.0:4317` |
```

| features.otlp.receiver.protocols.http.enabled | Enable the OTLP/HTTP endpoint. |

> | features.otlp.receiver.protocols.http.endpoint | Endpoint for OTLP/HTTP. The default value is '0.0.0.0:4318'. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| features.otlp.receiver.protocols.http.endpoint | Endpoint for OTLP/HTTP. Default: `0.0.0.0:4318` |
```
